Scared of losing all the time
He wrote it in a letter
He was a friend of mine
He heard you could see your future
Inside a glass of water
The ripples and the rhymes
He asked Will I see heaven in mine?

That is just the way it was
Nothing could be better
And nothing ever was
Oh they say you could see your future,
Inside a glass of water
With riddles and the rhymes
Will I see heaven in mine?
Oh Oh Oh

Ah Son, dont ask,
Neither how full nor empty
is your glass
Cling to the mast
Spend your whole life living in the past
Going nowhere fast

So he wrote it on the wall
The hollowest of halos
Is no halo at all
Televisions said and past
In figurines and leaders
saying nothing at all
And he chimed stars in heaven aligned
Oh Oh Oh

Ah Son, dont ask,
Neither how full nor empty is your glass
Cling to the mast
Spend your whole life living in the past
Going nowhere fast

What are we drinking when were done?
Glasses of water...

I used to rule the world
Seas would rise when I gave the word
Now in the morning I sleep alone
Sweep the streets I used to own

I used to roll the dice
Feel the fear in my enemy's eyes
Listened as the crowd would sing,
"Now the old king is dead! Long live the king!"
One minute I held the key
Next the walls were closed on me
And I discovered that my castles stand
Upon pillars of salt and pillars of sand

I hear Jerusalem bells a-ringing
Roman cavalry choirs are singing
Be my mirror, my sword and shield
My missionaries in a foreign field
For some reason I can't explain
Once you'd gone there was never
Never an honest word
And that was when I ruled the world

It was a wicked and wild wind
Blew down the doors to let me in
Shattered windows and the sound of drums
People couldn't believe what I'd become
Revolutionaries wait
For my head on a silver plate
Just a puppet on a lonely string
Oh who would ever want to be king?

I hear Jerusalem bells a-ringing
Roman cavalry choirs are singing
Be my mirror, my sword and shield
My missionaries in a foreign field
For some reason I can't explain
I know St. Peter won't call my name
Never an honest word
But that was when I ruled the world

Hear Jerusalem bells a-ringing
Roman cavalry choirs are singing
Be my mirror, my sword and shield
My missionaries in a foreign field
For some reason I can't explain
I know St. Peter won't call my name
Never an honest word
But that was when I ruled the world

Sacrifice me for my sins
For my beliefs, spit at me, die with me
When I'm gone, death will come to you
Death will come
Sacrifice me for my sins

Sacrifice her life to fire

The flames went high to lick the skin on her chin
The words she said for those words she would die
The crowd circles around her, praising their merciful god
Her screams got weaker heathen, heathen, the mass was shouting
The children that once were loving, now their small hands were full of rocks

They found her bleeding
The dark night came creeping
Was she one of the devil's own kind?
Beyond belief, beyond the pain
And grief, I lay low
And crawl deep, choosing the narrow path

Fear your thoughts and let the father judge them
Walk the shining path and guide the weakling along
The crowd circles around her, praising their merciful god
Their screams grew higher: heathen, heathen the mass was shouting
Hunt down the profane and put them to the torch

Burn me on the fire
Call me liar, shout at me, cry for me
When I'm gone, death will come to me
Death will come
Burn me on the fire

All winter we got carried
Away over on the rooftops. Let's get married.
All summer we just hurried
So come over, just be patient, and don't worry.

And don't worry.

No, I don't wanna battle from beginning to end;
I don't want a cycle of recycled revenge;
I don't want to follow death and all of his friends.

And in the end, we lie awake
And we dream of making our escape.

could never find the right way to tell you
Have you noticed I've been gone?
'cause I left behind the home that you made me
But I will carry it along

And it's a long way forward, so trust in me
I'll give them shelter, like you've done for me
And I know I'm not alone, you'll be watching over us
Until you're gone

When I'm older, I'll be silent beside you
I know words won't be enough
And they won't need to know the names or our faces
But they will carry on for us

Oh, it's a long way forward, trust in me
I'll give them shelter like you've done for me
And I know, I'm not alone, you'll be watching over us
Until...

All I am is a man
I want the world in my hands
I hate the beach
But I stand
In California with my toes in the sand
Use the sleeves of my sweater
Let's have an adventure
Head in the clouds but my gravity's centered
Touch my neck and I'll touch yours
You in those little high-waisted shorts, oh

She knows what I think about
And what I think about
One love, two mouths
One love, one house
No shirt, no blouse
Just us, you find out
Nothing that I wouldn't wanna tell you about, no

'Cause it's too cold
For you here and now
So let me hold
Both your hands in the holes of my sweater

And if I may just take your breath away
I don't mind if there's not much to say
Sometimes the silence guides our minds
So move to a place so far away
The goose bumps start to raise
The minute that my left hand meets your waist
And then I watch your face
Put my finger on your tongue
'Cause you love to taste, yeah

These hearts adore
Everyone the other beats hardest for
Inside this place is warm
Outside it starts to pour

Coming down
One love, two mouths
One love, one house
No shirt, no blouse
Just us, you find out
Nothing that I wouldn't wanna tell you about, no, no, no

'Cause it's too cold
For you here and now
So let me hold
Both your hands in the holes of my sweater

It's too cold
For you here and now
Let me hold
Both your hands in the holes of my sweater

Did you stand there all alone?
Oh I cannot explain what's going down
I can see you standing next to me
In and out, somewhere else right now
You sigh, look away
I can see it clear as day
Close your eyes, so afraid
Hide behind that baby face

You can drive all night
Looking for the answers in the pouring rain
You wanna find peace of mind
Looking for the answer

Funny how it seems like yesterday
As I recall you were looking out of place
Gathered up your things and slipped away
No time at all I followed you into the hall
Cigarette daydream
You were only seventeen
Soft speak with a mean streak
Nearly brought me to my knees

If we could find a reason, a reason to change
Looking for the answer
If you could find a reason, a reason to stay
Standing in the pouring rain

I'm just the shadow of a bigger man
Glowing brighter with each year I am
I was standing on a mountain
Just looking down (on you on you)

It's like my daddy said
You gotta use your head (my body won't work for nobody but me, son)
Yeah, no one said that I aim to please

All your light can't save me
All your light all your light can't save me
I won't wait though my time may come
I can't wait, I can't wait
My time may come (my body won't work for nobody but me, son)

As a boy I had it figured out
There are things that you can't live without
But money, it's sad but true, would surely top that list
And your rules your rules, well they would not be missed

Well I became
Whole again
Cause no one said no one said no one said
There'd be times like these

I said all your light can't save me
All your light all your light can't save me
I won't wait though my time may come
I can't wait, I can't wait
My time may come

(my body won't work for nobody but me, son)
No one said there'd be times like these

I was licking flames, when I broke your reins
Still, no one said no one said no one said it'd be suicide

Well I’m so above you
And it’s plain to see
But I came to love you anyway
So you pulled my heart out
And I don’t mind bleeding
Any old time you keep me waiting

Well your mama kept you but your daddy left you
And I should’ve done you just the same
But I came to love you
Am I born to bleed?
Any old time you keep me waiting

Oh, oh-oh I got a love that keeps me waiting
I’m a lonely boy

"What a beautiful wedding! What a beautiful wedding," says a bridesmaid to the waiter,
"And, yes, but what a shame, what a shame the poor groom's bride is a whore."

Oh, well, in fact,
Well, I'll look at it this way,
I mean technically our marriage is saved,
Well, this calls for a toast.
So, pour the champagne.

I chime in with a
"Haven't you people ever heard of closing a goddamn door?!"
No, it's much better to face these kinds of things
With a sense of poise and rationality.

I think I talk too much
I need to listen, baby
I think I try too hard
How I look, what I do, what I'm sayin'
I spend too much time explainin' myself
I hope there's some time to change it

I can taste it, my heart's breakin', please don't say
That you know, when you know
I can't take it, I'm impatient, tell me baby
Now I know, you should go

I know I'll fall in love with you, baby
And that's not what I wanna do
I hope you won't ever lie to me
And if you do, I know I won't be your cry baby

I think I worry a lot
I need to take it easy
I got this anxious feeling
But it goes away for a minute
When I'm with you breathing

The Sun's coming out but I'm feeling colder
I can't wait 'til the drought is over

I know I'll fall in love with you, baby
And that's just what I'll do
I hope you won't ever lie to me
And if you do, I know I won't be your cry baby

We need to cry
And if we do, I know that would be alright

“Are you, uh, a real villain?”
“Well, uh, technically... nah.”
“Have you ever caught a good guy, like, uh, like a real superhero?”
“Nah.”
“Have you ever tried a disguise?”
“Nah, nah...”
“Alright! I can see that I will have to teach you how to be villains!”

Now listen closely
Here's a little lesson in trickery
This is going down in history
If you wanna be a Villain Number One
You have to chase a superhero on the run
Just follow my moves, and sneak around
Be careful not to make a sound
(Shh)
(No, don't touch that!)

We are Number One
Hey!

Ha ha ha
Now look at this net, that I just found
When I say go, be ready to throw
Go!
(Throw it on him, not me!)
(Ugh, let's try something else)
Now watch and learn, here's the deal
He'll slip and slide on this banana peel!
(Ha ha ha, gasp! what are you doing!?)

We are Number One
Hey!

Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free, you are a pirate!

Yar - har - fiddle-dee-dee, being a pirate is all right to be!
Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free, you are a pirate!

You are a pirate! (yay!)

We got us a map (a map!) to lead us to a hidden box,
Thats all locked up with locks (with locks!) and buried deep away.
We'll dig up the box (the box!), we know it's full of precious booty
Bust open the locks, and then we'll say "hooray!"

Weigh anchor!

Yah - har - fiddle-dee-dee, being a pirate is all right to be!
Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free, you are a pirate!
Arr - yarr - ahoy and avast dig in the dirt and you dig in it fast!
Hang the black flag at the end of the mast! you are a pirate!

Ha ha ha (yay!)

We're sailing away (set sail!), adventure awaits on every shore!
We set sail and explore (ya-har!) and run and jump all day (yay!)
We float on our boat (our boat!) until its time to drop the anchor,
Then hang up our coats (aye-aye!) until we sail again!

Yar - har - fiddle-dee-dee,
If you love to sail the sea, you are a pirate!

Land ho!

Ha ha ha!
You are a pirate!

Ridin' blind from heaven high
From volvy the chain
If hate sudden children

Why repare the choke of unchances lierin' worm
Through a new bladin` in
Tired to raped your lair
Write the janata decive
Blessin' in dark heaven

Run tied from hell
Run chain of the hebrow
Rechain the proved new earth
When blood rages in the sky
Chaos head destruction

Incipit satan

Destroyed of all
God along destruction
Destroyed of all
Rise of pop hell

At the gates of evil
Nothing to return
Nothing to the gates of hell,
The holy trinity will burn.

Bow down for the damnation
Bow down to the battle and praise for war
Bow down (ending all illusion)
(Christian hope and goodness)

Day of doom
Lucifer returns
Day of death
Satan's eye will burn.

Nazareth doom and curse is perdition
The presence is infernal
The messiah has heard that their lands
Will only be
Destruction
Chaos

Somewhere beyond the sea
Somewhere waiting for me
My lover stands on golden sands
And watches the ships that go sailin'

Somewhere beyond the sea
She's there watching for me
If I could fly like birds on high
Then straight to her arms
I'd go sailing

It's far beyond the stars
It's near beyond the moon
I know beyond a doubt
My heart will lead me there soon

We'll meet beyond the shore
We'll kiss just as before
Happy we'll be beyond the sea
And never again I'll go sailing

I know beyond a doubt, ah
My heart will lead me there soon
We'll meet (I know we'll meet) beyond the shore
We'll kiss just as before
Happy we'll be beyond the sea
And never again I'll go sailing

No more sailing
So long sailing

Seven a.m., waking up in the morning
Gotta be fresh, gotta go downstairs
Gotta have my bowl, gotta have cereal
Seein' everything, the time is goin'
Tickin' on and on, everybody's rushin'
Gotta get down to the bus stop
Gotta catch my bus, I see my friends (My friends)

Kickin' in the front seat
Sittin' in the back seat
Gotta make my mind up
Which seat can I take?

Gotta get down on Friday
Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend, weekend
Friday, Friday
Gettin' down on Friday
Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend

7:45, we're drivin' on the highway
Cruisin' so fast, I want time to fly
Fun, fun, think about fun
You know what it is
I got this, you got this
My friend is by my right, ay
I got this, you got this
Now you know it

Kickin' in the front seat
Sittin' in the back seat
Gotta make my mind up
Which seat can I take?

Partyin', partyin' (Yeah)
Partyin', partyin' (Yeah)
Fun, fun, fun, fun
Lookin' forward to the weekend

Yesterday was Thursday, Thursday
Today it is Friday, Friday (Partyin')
We-we-we so excited
We so excited
We gonna have a ball today

Tomorrow is Saturday
And Sunday comes after... wards
I don't want this weekend to end

R-B, Rebecca Black
So chillin' in the front seat (In the front seat)
In the back seat (In the back seat)
I'm drivin', cruisin' (Yeah, yeah)
Fast lanes, switchin' lanes
With' a car up on my side (Woo!)
(C'mon) Passin' by is a school bus in front of me
Makes tick tock, tick tock, wanna scream
Check my time, it's Friday, it's a weekend
We gonna have fun, c'mon, c'mon, y'all

It's Friday, Friday
Gotta get down on Friday
Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend, weekend
Friday, Friday
Gettin' down on Friday
Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend

Partyin', partyin' (Yeah)
Partyin', partyin' (Yeah)
Fun, fun, fun, fun
Lookin' forward to the weekend

It's Friday, Friday
Gotta get down on Friday
Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend, weekend
Friday, Friday
Gettin' down on Friday
Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend

Partyin', partyin' (Yeah)
Partyin', partyin' (Yeah)
Fun, fun, fun, fun
Lookin' forward to the weekend

High rise, veins of the avenue
Bright eyes and subtle variations of blue
Everywhere is balanced there like a rainbow above you

Street lights glisten on the boulevard
And cold nights make staying alert so hard
For heaven's sake, keep me awake so I won't be caught off guard
Clearly I am a passerby but I'll find a place to stay
Dear pacific day, won't you take me away?

Small town hearts of the New Year
Brought down by gravity, crystal clear
City fog and brave dialogue converge on the frontier

Make haste, I feel your heartbeat
With new taste for speed, out on the street
Find a road to a humble abode where both of our routes meet
The silver sound is all around and the colors fall like snow
The feeling of letting go, I guess we'll never know

Cheer up and dry your damp eyes and tell me when it rains
And I'll blend up that rainbow above you and shoot it through your veins
Cause your heart has a lack of color and we should've known
That we'd grow up sooner or later cause we wasted all our free time alone

Your nerves gather with the altitude
Exhale the stress so you don't come unglued
Somewhere there is a happy affair, a ghost of a good mood
Wide eyed, panic on the getaway
The high tide could take me so far away
VCR's and motorcars unite on the Seventh Day
A popular gauge will measure the rage of the new Post-Modern Age
Cause somewhere along the line all the decades align

We were the crashing whitecaps
On the ocean
And what lovely seaside holiday, away
A palm tree in Christmas lights
My emotion
Struck a sparkling tone like a xylophone
As we spent the day alone

Cheer up and dry your damp eyes and tell me when it rains
And I'll blend up that rainbow above you and shoot it through your veins
Cause your heart has a lack of color and we should've known
That we'd grow up sooner or later 'cause we wasted all our free time alone

Look, I was gonna go easy on you and not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
Something's wrong, I can feel it (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got, like something's about to happen, but I don't know what
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble,
And if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances
You were just what the doctor ordered

I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rapbot

But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nut-sack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and indecent as all hell syllables, killaholic (Kill 'em all with)
This slickety, gibbedy, hibbedy hip hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match with this rappidy rap
Packing a Mac in the back of the Ac, pack backpack rap, yep, yackidy-yac
The exact same time I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing
That I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs, feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period, here's a Maxipad
It's actually disastrously bad
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece as

I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard

Everybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the earth like an asteroid, did nothing but shoot for the moon since
MC's get taken to school with this music
Cause I use it as a vehicle to bust a rhyme
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim, Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac N-
-W.A, Cube, hey, Doc, Ren, Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position
To meet Run DMC and induct them into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame
Even though I walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game 'til I walk a flock of flames
Off of planking, tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a straight face looking boy
You witnessing a massacre
Like you watching a church gathering take place looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay, that's all they say looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a way to go from your label everyday looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what you say looking boy?
I got a "hell yeah" from Dre looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never ask nobody for shit, get outta my face looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
To keep up with the same pace looking boy

'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me Nascar, Nascar
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard

So you be Thor and I'll be Odin, you rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead, but I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep throating
I'm out my ramen noodle, we have nothing in common, poodle
I'm a doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me, my honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though
For good at least once in a while
So I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to maybe to try and help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines just in case cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground, but I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to,
Censor you like that one line I said on "I'm Back" from the Marshall Mathers LP
One where I tried to say I take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I've
Morphed into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel with fucking cornrows
You're like normal, fuck being normal
And I just bought a new Raygun from the future
To just come and shoot ya like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Maywhether's pad
Singin' to a man while they played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Uh, sama lamaa duma lamaa you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber
So that anything you saying ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
I'm never stating, more than never demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know that the haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'd be celebrating
Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music, you make elevator music
Oh, he's too mainstream
Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
It's not hip hop, it's pop, cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on Lose Yourself and make 'em lose it
I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I'm ripping any one of these verses diverse as you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to,
Prove that if you're half as nice at songs you can sacrifice virgins too uh!
School flunkie, pill junky
But look at the accolades the skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself cause I make me do what I put my mind to
And I'm a million leagues above you, ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue in cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk so Satan take the fucking wheel, I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boys, still chunky, but funky
But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils, here's what they want from me
They asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred that I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it, life's handing you lemons, make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women how the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake it for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and don't be a retard
Be a king? Think not, why be a king when you can be a God?

Swollen with liquid
Ready to burst
A load of my lymph
Will quench this dead body's thirst
One month in the grave
twisted and half decayed
She turned a putrid yellow
I pissed in her maggot filled asshole

Fucking the rotting
My semen is bleeding
The smell of decay
Seeps from her genital cavity

The smell was unbearable
As I unburied her
I cum blood from my erection
I feel it run
down her throat, swallow
Eyes glassy and vacant
body dug up to play with
Skin greasy and naked
tounguing her rotted anus

I need a live woman
to fill with my fluid
A delicate girl, to mutilate, fuck and kill
her body exceptional
she thought I was normal
but I wanted more

I came blood inside of her
chocking on the clot
gagging on the snot
gushing blood, from her mouth
bloody gel leaking out
Body buried in a shallow grave
Unmarked for none to find
The sickness I have left behind
Undetected go my crimes
The greatest thrill of my life
To slit my own cock with a knife

Violent, climax
Serging serum
on my skin

Back from the dead
I am resurrected
to spew, putrefaction

Do you ever feel like a plastic bag
Drifting through the wind, wanting to start again?
Do you ever feel, feel so paper thin
Like a house of cards, one blow from caving in?

Do you ever feel already buried deep six feet under?
Screams but no one seems to hear a thing
Do you know that there's still a chance for you
'Cause there's a spark in you?

You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine
Just own the night like the 4th of July

'Cause, baby, you're a firework
Come on, show 'em what you're worth
Make 'em go, "Aah, aah, aah"
As you shoot across the sky-y-y

Baby, you're a firework
Come on, let your colours burst
Make 'em go, "Aah, aah, aah"
You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe

You don't have to feel like a wasted space
You're original, cannot be replaced
If you only knew what the future holds
After a hurricane comes a rainbow

Maybe a reason why all the doors are closed
So you could open one that leads you to the perfect road
Like a lightning bolt, your heart will glow
And when it's time you'll know

You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine
Just own the night like the 4th of July

'Cause, baby, you're a firework
Come on, show 'em what you're worth
Make 'em go, "Aah, aah, aah"
As you shoot across the sky-y-y

Baby, you're a firework
Come on, let your colours burst
Make 'em go, "Aah, aah, aah"
You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe

Boom, boom, boom
Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon
It's always been inside of you, you, you
And now it's time to let it through-ough-ough

'Cause, baby, you're a firework
Come on, show 'em what you're worth
Make 'em go, "Aah, aah, aah"
As you shoot across the sky-y-y

Baby, you're a firework
Come on, let your colours burst
Make 'em go, "Aah, aah, aah"
You're gonna leave 'em all in awe, awe, awe

Walking in the dark
Now there's just some cookies
Which is not for you, I know it's not
I just can't explain, it melts in my mouth
Dying to me now is popcorn

Can't you understand?
Can't you understand, boy?
So, shake your head
So, shake your head, sucker!

Walking in the dark
Now there's just some cookies
Which is not for you, I know it's not
I just can't explain, it melts in my mouth
Dying to me now is popcorn

Can't you understand?
Can't you understand, boy?
So, shake your head
So, shake your head, sucker!
No!
So, shake your head, sucker!

There's a Peeping Tom sat outside my window
He's been there for days
And now it's only gotten gotten onto Sunday
And I think it's time to play
Cause there is nothing more that I like than to be seen
Open up your eyes, Real Wide
Cause Peeping Tom I've got a big surprise


So I slide across my hood and what do I see?
Sure as hell, the Peeping Tom is looking at me
So I simply, accidentally, caressly
Drop my dressing gown for him to see
so Peeping Tom keep on looking to me
Peeping Tom tell me
What do you see?
What do you see?
What do you see?
What do- What do you see?


There's a Peeping Tom sat outside my window
He's been there for days
And now it's only gotten gotten onto Sunday
And I think it's time to play
Cause there is nothing more that I like than to be seen
Open up your eyes, Real Wide
Cause Peeping Tom I've got a big surprise

So I slide across my hood and what do I see?
Sure as hell, the Peeping Tom is looking at me
So I simply, accidentally, caressly
Drop my dressing gown for him to see
so Peeping Tom keep on looking to me
Peeping Tom tell me
What do you see?
Anything can happen
Watch

Time to play
Peeping Tom tell me
Time to play
Peeping Tom tell me
Time to play
Peeping Tom tell me
Peeping Tom tell me

A long long time ago
I can still remember how
That music used to make me smile
And I knew if I had my chance
That I could make those people dance
And maybe they'd be happy for a while

But February made me shiver
With every paper I'd deliver
Bad news on the doorstep
I couldn't take one more step

I can't remember if I cried
When I read about his widowed bride
Something touched me deep inside
The day the music died
So

Bye, bye Miss American Pie
Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
And them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye
Singin' this'll be the day that I die
This'll be the day that I die

Did you write the book of love
And do you have faith in God above
If the Bible tells you so?
Do you believe in rock and roll?
Can music save your mortal soul?
And can you teach me how to dance real slow?

Well, I know that you're in love with him
'Cause I saw you dancin' in the gym
You both kicked off your shoes
Man, I dig those rhythm and blues

I was a lonely teenage broncin' buck
With a pink carnation and a pickup truck
But I knew I was out of luck
The day the music died
I started singin'

Bye, bye Miss American Pie
Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
And them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye
Singin' this'll be the day that I die
This'll be the day that I die

Now, for ten years we've been on our own
And moss grows fat on a rolling stone
But, that's not how it used to be

When the jester sang for the king and queen
In a coat he borrowed from James Dean
And a voice that came from you and me

Oh and while the king was looking down
The jester stole his thorny crown
The courtroom was adjourned
No verdict was returned

And while Lennon read a book on Marx
The quartet practiced in the park
And we sang dirges in the dark
The day the music died
We were singin'

Bye, bye Miss American Pie
Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
Them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye
And singin' this'll be the day that I die
This'll be the day that I die

Helter skelter in a summer swelter
The birds flew off with a fallout shelter
Eight miles high and falling fast

It landed foul on the grass
The players tried for a forward pass
With the jester on the sidelines in a cast

Now the half-time air was sweet perfume
While sergeants played a marching tune
We all got up to dance
Oh, but we never got the chance

'Cause the players tried to take the field
The marching band refused to yield
Do you recall what was revealed
The day the music died?
We started singin'

Bye, bye Miss American Pie
Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
Them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye
And singin' this'll be the day that I die
This'll be the day that I die

Oh, and there we were all in one place
A generation lost in space
With no time left to start again

So come on Jack be nimble, Jack be quick
Jack Flash sat on a candlestick
'Cause fire is the devil's only friend

Oh and as I watched him on the stage
My hands were clenched in fists of rage
No angel born in Hell
Could break that Satan's spell

And as the flames climbed high into the night
To light the sacrificial rite
I saw Satan laughing with delight
The day the music died
He was singin'

Bye, bye Miss American Pie
Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
Them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye
Singin' this'll be the day that I die
This'll be the day that I die

I met a girl who sang the blues
And I asked her for some happy news
But she just smiled and turned away

I went down to the sacred store
Where I'd heard the music years before
But the man there said the music wouldn't play

And in the streets the children screamed
The lovers cried, and the poets dreamed
But not a word was spoken
The church bells all were broken

And the three men I admire most
The Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost
They caught the last train for the coast
The day the music died
And they were singing

Bye, bye Miss American Pie
Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
And them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye
Singin' this'll be the day that I die
This'll be the day that I die

They were singing
Bye, bye Miss American Pie
Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
Them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye
Singin' this'll be the day that I die

That night, in the silence of my dimly lit room
I felt you exit through my chest
I sat there clinging onto my knees in denial
Quietly folding myself in half beneath the cold sheets
With each weeping breath I felt fragments of you leave
Releasing themselves through my tightly clinched throat
Carbon dioxide flavoured sentences expelling themselves from my lips
Your poems began to lift away from my hollow skin
With the same grace a balloon uses as it slips through the fingertips of a curious child
Confused, yet hopelessly in awe...
Arms extended, reaching for the strings
What a fool I was for thinking I could keep you
Pretending you were made of something else
Something tangible, something real
You made me believe you were more than just a light in a colourless element
But you were built solely for drifting away
And when I see you again, with my eyelids heavy
I will not fall to your feet I will be new, I will be clean
A disease of your kind cannot exist within my frame
