
7:45, we're ' on the highway
A delicate girl, to mutilate, fuck and kill
A disease of your kind cannot exist within my frame
After a hurricane comes a rainbow
A generation lost in space
Ah Son, dont ask,
All I am is a man
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
All summer we just hurried
All winter we got carried
All your light all your light can't save me
All your light can't save me
A load of my lymph
A long long time ago
“Alright! I can see that I will have to teach you how to be villains!”
Am I born to bleed?
And as the flames climbed high into the night
And a voice that came from you and me
And a way to go from your label everyday looking boy
And can you teach me how to dance real slow?
And cold nights make staying alert so hard
And crawl deep, choosing the narrow path
And don't worry.
And do you have faith in God above
And grief, I lay low
And he chimed stars in heaven aligned
And I asked her for some happy news
And I discovered that my castles stand
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
And I don’t mind bleeding
And if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances
And if I may just take your breath away
And if we do, I know that would be alright
And if you do, I know I won't be your cry baby
And I just bought a new Raygun from the future
And I knew if I had my chance
And I know I'm not alone, you'll be watching over us
And I know, I'm not alone, you'll be watching over us
And I'll blend up that rainbow above you and shoot it through your veins
And I'm a million leagues above you, ill when I speak in tongues
And in the end, we lie awake
And in the streets the children screamed
And I should not be woken
And I should’ve done you just the same
And I think it's time to play
And it's a long way forward, so trust in me
And it’s plain to see
And make her fall on her face and don't be a retard
And maybe they'd be happy for a while
And moss grows fat on a rolling stone
And never again I'll go sailing
And nothing ever was
And now it's only gotten gotten onto Sunday
And now it's time to let it through
And  this'll be the day that I die
And Sunday comes after... wards
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And that's just what I'll do
And that's not what I  do
And that was when I ruled the world
And them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye
And then I watch your face
And the three men I admire most
And they were singing
And they won't need to know the names or our faces
And understand the discrimination
And watches the ships that go sailing
And we dream of making our escape.
And we sang dirges in the dark
And what I think about
And what lovely seaside holiday, away
And when I see you again, with my eyelids heavy
And when it's time you'll know
And while Lennon read a book on Marx
"And, yes, but what a shame, what a shame the poor groom's bride is a whore."
And your rules your rules, well they would not be missed
Angels fight with devils, here's what they want from me
Any old time you keep me waiting
Anything can happen
A palm tree in Christmas lights
A popular gauge will measure the rage of the new Post-Modern Age
Appeal with the skin color of mine
“Are you, uh, a real villain?”
Arms extended, reaching for the strings
and avast dig in the dirt and you dig in it fast!
As a boy I had it figured out
As I recall you were looking out of place
As I unburied her
As we spent the day alone
As you shoot across the sky-y-y
At the gates of evil
Away over on the rooftops. Let's get married.
Baby, you're a firework
Back from the dead
Bad news on the doorstep
Basically boy you're never  be capable
Be a king? Think not, why be a king when you can be a God?
Be careful not to make a sound
Be my mirror, my sword and shield
Beyond belief, beyond the pain
Blessing in dark heaven
Blew down the doors to let me in
bloody gel leaking out
Body buried in a shallow grave
body dug up to play with boom
Both your hands in the holes of my sweater
Bow down (ending all illusion)
Bow down for the damnation
Bow down to the battle and praise for war
Bright eyes and subtle variations of blue
Brought down by gravity, crystal clear
Bumping Heavy D and the Boys, still chunky, but funky
Burn me on the fire
Bust open the locks, and then we'll say "hooray!"
But as rude and indecent as all hell syllables, killaholic (Kill them all with)
But February made me shiver
But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
But fuck it, life's handing you lemons, make lemonade then
But I came to love you
But I came to love you anyway
But if I can't batter the women how the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred that I had
But I gotta keep a few punchlines just in case cause even you unsigned
But I got your mom deep throating
But I knew I was out of luck
But I'm only going to get this one chance
But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling
But I stand
But it goes away for a minute
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though
But it's still tongue in cheek, fuck you
but I wanted more
But I will carry it along
But look at the accolades the skills brung me
But money, it's sad but true, would surely top that list
But not a word was spoken
But she just smiled and turned away
But, that's not how it used to be
But that was when I ruled the world
But the man there said the music play
But they will carry on for us
But you were built solely for drifting away
Bye, bye Miss American Pie
Call me liar, shout at me, cry for me
Can music save your mortal soul?
Can't you understand?
Can't you understand, boy?
Carbon dioxide flavoured sentences expelling themselves from my lips
'Cause, baby, you're a firework
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Maywhether's pad
'Cause fire is the devil's only friend
Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
'cause I left behind the home that you made me
'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
'Cause I saw you dancin' in the gym
'Cause it's too cold
Cause I use it as a vehicle to bust a rhyme
Cause no one said no one said no one said
Cause Peeping Tom I've got a big surprise
Cause somewhere along the line all the decades align
'Cause the players tried to take the field
Cause there is nothing more that I like than to be seen
'Cause there's a spark in you?
'Cause you love to taste,
Cause your heart has a lack of color and we should've known
Censor you like that one line I said on "I'm Back" from the Marshall Mathers LP
Chaos
Chaos head destruction
Check my time, it's Friday, it's a weekend
Cheer up and dry your damp eyes and tell me when it rains
chocking on the clot
(Christian hope and goodness)
Cigarette daydream
City fog and brave dialogue converge on the frontier
Clearly I am a passerby but I'll find a place to stay
Cling to the mast
Close your eyes, so afraid
(C'mon) Passing by is a school bus in front of me
Come on, let your colours burst
Come on, show 'em what you're worth
Coming down
Confused, yet hopelessly in awe...
Could break that Satan's spell
could never find the right way to tell you
' so fast, I want time to fly
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Day of death
Day of doom
Dear pacific day, won't you take me away?
Death will come
Destroyed of all
Destruction
Did you stand there all alone?
Did you write the book of love
Don't mistake it for Satan
Do what you want 'cause a pirate is free, you are a pirate!
down her throat, swallow
Do you believe in rock and roll?
Do you ever feel already buried deep six feet under?
Do you ever feel, feel so paper thin
Do you ever feel like a plastic bag
Do you know that there's still a chance for you
Do you recall what was revealed
Drifting through the wind, wanting to start again?
Drop my dressing gown for him to see
Drove my Chevy to the levee but the levee was dry
Dying to me now is popcorn
Eight miles high and falling fast
Enough rhymes to maybe to try and help get some people through tough times
Even brighter than the moon, moon, moon
Even though I walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend
Everybody's lookin' forward to the weekend, weekend
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like I have got
Everyone the other beats hardest for
Everywhere is balanced there like a rainbow above you
Exhale the stress so you don't come unglued
Eyes glassy and vacant
Fast lanes
Fear your thoughts and let the father judge them
Feel the fear in my enemy's eyes
Find a road to a humble abode where both of our routes meet
For good at least once in a while
For heaven's sake, keep me awake so I won't be caught off guard
For my beliefs, spit at me, die with me
For my head on a silver plate
For some reason I can't explain
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'd be celebrating
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece as
For you here and now
From volvy the chain
Fucking the rotting
Full of myself, but still hungry
Fun, fun, fun, fun
Fun, fun, think about fun
Funny how it seems like yesterday
gagging on the snot
Gathered up your things and slipped away
Gettin' down on Friday
Glasses of water...
Glowing brighter with each year I am
Go!
God along destruction
Going nowhere fast
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Gotta be fresh, gotta go downstairs
Gotta catch my bus, I see my friends (My friends)
Gotta get down on Friday
Gotta get down to the bus stop
Gotta have my bowl, gotta have cereal
Gotta make my mind up
gushing blood, from her mouth
Ha ha ha
Ha ha ha!
(Ha ha ha, gasp! what are you doing!?)
Ha ha ha
Hang the black flag at the end of the mast! you are a pirate!
Happy we'll be beyond the sea
"Haven't you people ever heard of closing a goddamn door?!"
“Have you ever caught a good guy, like, uh, like a real superhero?”
“Have you ever tried a disguise?”
Have you noticed I've been gone?
Head in the clouds but my gravity's centered
Hear Jerusalem bells a-ringing
He asked Will I see heaven in mine?
He heard you could see your future
He'll slip and slide on this banana peel!
Helter skelter in a summer swelter
her body exceptional
Here's a little lesson in trickery
Her screams got weaker heathen, heathen, the mass was shouting
He's been there for days
He was a friend of mine
He was
He wrote it in a letter
Hey!
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Hey, looking boy, what you say looking boy?
Hide behind that baby face
High rise, veins of the avenue
Hit the earth like an asteroid, did nothing but shoot for the moon since
How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs, feel my wrath of attack
How I look, what I do, what I'm sayin'
How many verses I gotta murder to,
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Hunt down the profane and put them to the torch
I am resurrected
I bully myself cause I make me do what I put my mind to
I came blood inside of her
I can see it clear as day
I can see you standing next to me
I can still remember how
I can taste it, my heart's breakin', please don't say
I can't remember if I cried
I can't take it, I'm impatient, tell me baby
I can't wait, I can't wait
I can't wait 'til the drought is over
I chime in with a
I couldn't take one more step
I cum blood from my erection
I'd go sailing
I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use
I don't mind if there's not much to say
I don't want a cycle of recycled revenge;
I don't want this weekend to end
I don't want to follow death and all of his friends.
I feel it run
I felt you exit through my chest
If hate sudden children
If I could fly like birds on high
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble,
If the Bible tells you so?
If we could find a reason, a reason to change
If you could find a reason, a reason to stay
If you love to sail the sea, you are a pirate!
If you only knew what the future holds
If you  be a Villain Number One
I got a "hell " from Dre looking boy
I got a laptop in my back pocket
I got this anxious feeling
I got this, you got this
I hate the beach
I hear Jerusalem bells a-ringing
I hope there's some time to change it
I hope you won't ever lie to me
I just can't explain, it melts in my mouth
I know beyond a doubt
I know beyond a doubt, ah
I know I'll fall in love with you, baby
I know St. Peter won't call my name
I know there was a time where once I
I know words won't be enough
I'll give them shelter like you've done for me
I'll give them shelter, like you've done for me
I'm a doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
I make elevating music, you make elevator music
I’m a lonely boy
I'm an MC still as honest
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
I'm ', ' (, )
I'm drunk so Satan take the fucking wheel, I'm asleep in the front seat
I mean technically our marriage is saved,
I met a girl who sang the blues
I'm just the shadow of a bigger man
I'mma work for everything I have
I'm never stating, more than never demonstrating
I'm out my ramen noodle, we have nothing in common, poodle
I'm the walking dead, but I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
In a coat he borrowed from James Dean
In and out, somewhere else right now
In California with my toes in the sand
Incipit satan
I need a live woman
I need to listen, baby
I need to take it easy
In figurines and leaders
Innovative and I'm made of rubber
Inside a glass of water
Inside this place is warm
Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position
In the back seat (In the back seat)
I pissed in her maggot filled asshole
I said all your light can't save me
I sat there clinging onto my knees in denial
I saw Satan laughing with delight
Is no halo at all
I spend too much time explaining myself
I started
is your glass
I think I talk too much
I think I try too hard
I think I worry a lot
It landed foul on the grass
It's actually disastrously bad
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
It's always been inside of you, you, you
It's curtains, I'm inadvertently ' you
It's far beyond the stars
It's Friday
It's like my daddy said
It's me, my honesty's brutal
It's near beyond the moon
It's not hip hop, it's pop, cause I found a hella way to fuse it
It's too cold
It was a wicked and wild wind
I used to roll the dice
I used to rule the world
I want the world in my hands
I was a lonely teenage broncing buck
I was licking flames, when I broke your reins
I was standing on a mountain
I went down to the sacred store
I will not fall to your feet I will be new, I will be clean
I won't wait though my time may come
Jack Flash sat on a candlestick
Just a feeling I've got, like something's about to happen, but I don't know what
Just a puppet on a lonely string
Just follow my moves, and sneak around
Just looking down (on you on you)
Just own the night like the 4th of July
Just us, you find out
in the front seat
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard
Land ho!
Let me hold
Let me know when it occurs to you
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard
Let off then I'm reloading immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
Let's have an adventure
Like a house of cards, one blow from caving in?
Like a lightning bolt, your heart will glow
Like you watching a church gathering take place looking boy
Listened as the crowd would sing,
Little gay looking boy
Looking forward to the weekend
Looking for the answer
Looking for the answers in the pouring rain
Look, I was  go easy on you and not to hurt your feelings
Lucifer returns
Lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Made a living and a killing off it
Make them go
Make haste, I feel your heartbeat
Makes tick tock, tick tock,  scream
Man, I dig those rhythm and blues
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel
Maybe a reason why all the doors are closed
MC's get taken to school with this music
Me? I'm a product of Rakim, Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac N-
Morphed into an immortal coming through the portal
(my body won't work for nobody but me, son)
My emotion
My friend is by my right, ay
My hands were clenched in fists of rage
My heart will lead me there soon
My lover stands on golden sands
My missionaries in a foreign field
My pen go off when I half-cock it
My semen is bleeding
My time may come
My time may come (my body won't work for nobody but me, son)
Nazareth doom and curse is perdition
Nearly brought me to my knees
Neither how full nor empty
Neither how full nor empty is your glass
Never an honest word
Never ask nobody for shit, get my face looking boy
Never fading, and I know that the haters are forever waiting
Next the walls were closed on me
No!
No angel born in Hell
(No, don't touch that!)
No, I don't  battle from beginning to end;
No, it's much better to face these kinds of things
No more sailing
No one said there'd be times like these
No shirt, no blouse
Nothing could be better
Nothing that I tell you about, no
Nothing that I tell you about, no, no, no
Nothing to return
Nothing to the gates of hell,
No time at all I followed you into the hall
No verdict was returned
Now, for ten years we've been on our own
Now I know, you should go
Now I lead a new school full of students
Now in the morning I sleep alone
Now listen closely
Now look at this net, that I just found
Now the half-time air was sweet perfume
"Now the old king is dead! Long live the king!"
Now there's just some cookies
Now watch and learn, here's the deal
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box?
Now you know it
Off of planking, tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Oh and as I watched him on the stage
Oh, and there we were all in one place
Oh and while the king was looking down
Oh, but we never got the chance
Oh, he's too mainstream
Oh I cannot explain what's going down
Oh, it's a long way forward, trust in me
Oh Oh Oh
Oh, oh-oh I got a love that keeps me waiting
Oh they say you could see your future,
Oh, well, in fact,
Oh who would ever want to be king?
Once you'd gone there was never
One love, one house
One love, two mouths
One minute I held the key
One month in the grave
One where I tried to say I take seven kids from Columbine
Only Hall of Fame I be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
Only realized it was ironic I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
on my skin
On the ocean
On the wall of shame
Open up your eyes, Real Wide
Outside it starts to pour
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Oy vey, that boy's gay, that's all they say looking boy
Packing a Mac in the back of the Ac, pack backpack ra
Peeping Tom tell me
People couldn't believe what I'd become
Pretending you were made of something else
Prove that if you're half as nice at songs you can sacrifice virgins too uh!
Put 'em all in a line, add an, a revolver and a nine
Put my finger on your tongue
Quietly folding myself in half beneath the cold sheets
Rappers are having a rough time period, here's a Maxipad
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
R-B, Rebecca Black
Ready to burst
Rechain the proved new earth
Releasing themselves through my tightly clinched throat
Revolutionaries wait
Riding blind from heaven high
Rise of pop hell
Roll Hall of Fame
Roman cavalry choirs are singing
Run chain of the hebrow
Run tied from hell
Sacrifice her life to fire
Sacrifice me for my sins
Satan's eye will burn.
saying nothing at all
Scared of losing all the time
School flunkie, pill junky
Screams but no one seems to hear a thing
Seas would rise when I gave the word
See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I've
everything, the time is going
Seeps from her genital cavity
Serging serum
Seven a.m., waking up in the morning
Shattered windows and the sound of drums
She knows what I think about
She's there watching for me
she thought I was normal
She turned a putrid yellow
(Shh)
 this'll be the day that I die
 to a man while they played piano
Sitting in the back seat
Skin greasy and naked
Small town hearts of the New Year
So
So chilling in the front seat (In the front seat)
So come on Jack be nimble, Jack be quick
So come over, just be patient, and don't worry.
Soft speak with a mean streak
So gay I can barely say it with a straight face looking boy
So he wrote it on the wall
So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
So I simply, accidentally, caressly
So I slide across my hood and what do I see?
So I  make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
So let me hold
So long sailing
Something's wrong, I can feel it (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Something tangible, something real
Something touched me deep inside
Sometimes the silence guides our minds
Somewhere beyond the sea
Somewhere there is a happy affair, a ghost of a good mood
Somewhere waiting for me
So move to a place so far away
so Peeping Tom keep on looking to me
So, pour the champagne.
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
So, shake your head
So, shake your head, sucker!
So that anything you saying ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
So you be Thor and I'll be Odin, you rodent, I'm omnipotent
So you could open one that leads you to the perfect road
So you pulled my heart out
Spend your whole life living in the past
Standing in the pouring rain
Still, no one said no one said no one said it'd be suicide
Street lights glisten on the boulevard
Struck a sparkling tone like a xylophone
Sure as hell, the Peeping Tom is looking at me
Sweep the streets I used to own
Swollen with liquid
Televisions said and past
That I could make those people dance
That I'll still be able to break a motherfucking table
That is just the way it was
That music used to make me smile
That night, in the silence of my dimly lit room
Thats all locked up with locks (with locks!) and buried deep away.
That we'd grow up sooner or later because we wasted all our free time alone
That we'd grow up sooner or later because we wasted all our free time alone
That you know, when you know
The birds flew off with a fallout shelter
The children that once were loving, now their small hands were full of rocks
The church bells all were broken
The courtroom was adjourned
The crowd circles around her, praising their merciful god
The dark night came creeping
The day the music died
The day the music died?
The exact same time I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing
The Father, Son, and the Holy Ghost
The feeling of letting go, I guess we'll never know
The flames went high to lick the skin on her chin
The goose bumps start to raise
The greatest thrill of my life
The high tide could take me so far away
The hollowest of halos
The holy trinity will burn.
Their screams grew higher: heathen, heathen the mass was shouting
The jester stole his thorny crown
The lovers cried, and the poets dreamed
The marching band refused to yield
The messiah has heard that their lands
Them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye
The minute that my left hand meets your waist
Then hang up our coats aye-aye until we sail again!
Then straight to her arms
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
The players tried for a forward pass
The presence is infernal
The quartet practiced in the park
There are things that you can't live without
There'd be times like these
There's a Peeping Tom sat outside my window
The ripples and the rhymes
These hearts adore
The sickness I have left behind
The silver sound is all around and the colors fall like snow
The smell of decay
The smell was unbearable
The Sun's coming out but I'm feeling colder
The way I'm racing around the track, call me Nascar
The words she said for those words she would die
They asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
They caught the last train for the coast
They found her bleeding
They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rapbot
They were singing
This is going down in history
This'll be the day that I die
This slickety, gibbedy, hibbedy hip hop
Through a new bladin` in
(Throw it on him, not me!)
Throw on Lose Yourself and make them lose it
Tickin' on and on, everybody's rushing
Time to play
Tired to raped your lair
Today it is Friday (Partying)
to fill with my fluid
To just come and shoot ya like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
To keep up with the same pace looking boy
To light the sacrificial rite
To meet Run DMC and induct them into the motherfucking Rock and
Tomorrow is Saturday
To slit my own cock with a knife
to spew, putrefaction
Touch my neck and I'll touch yours
tounguing her rotted anus
twisted and half decayed
(Ugh, let's try something else)
Uh, sama lamaa duma lamaa you assuming I'm a human
Undetected go my crimes
Unmarked for none to find
Until...
Until you're gone
Upon pillars of salt and pillars of sand
Use the sleeves of my sweater
VCR's and motorcars unite on the Seventh Day
Violent, climax
-W.A, Cube, hey, Doc, Ren, Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Walking in the dark
Walk the shining path and guide the weakling along
Was king of the underground, but I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
Was she one of the devil's own kind?
Watch
We all got up to dance
We are Number One
We float on our boat (our boat!) until its time to drop the anchor,
We  have a ball today
We  have fun, c'mon, c'mon, y'all
We got us a map (a map!) to lead us to a hidden box,
Weigh anchor!
We'll dig up the box (the box!), we know it's full of precious booty
Well I became
Well, I know that you're in love with him
Well, I'll look at it this way,
Well I’m so above you
We'll kiss just as before
We'll meet beyond the shore
We'll meet (I know we'll meet) beyond the shore
Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
Well, this calls for a toast.
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's simply rage and youthful exuberance
“Well, uh, technically... nah.”
Well your mama kept you but your daddy left you
We need to cry
We're sailing away (set sail!), adventure awaits on every shore!
We set sail and explore and run and jump all day
We so excited
We started
We were
We were the crashing whitecaps
We-we-we so excited
"What a beautiful wedding! What a beautiful wedding," says a bridesmaid to the waiter,
What a fool I was for thinking I could keep you
What are we drinking when were done?
What do- What do you see?
What do you see?
What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman
When blood rages in the sky
When I'm gone, death will come to me
When I'm gone, death will come to you
When I'm older, I'll be silent beside you
When I'm with you breathing
When I read about his widowed bride
When I say go, be ready to throw
When the jester sang for the king and queen
Where I'd heard the music years before
Which is not for you, I know it's not
Which seat can I take?
While I'm ripping any one of these verses diverse as you
While sergeants played a marching tune
Whole again
Why repare the choke of unchances lierin' worm
Wide eyed, panic on the getaway
Will I see heaven in mine?
Will only be
Will quench this dead body's thirst
With' a car up on my side (Woo!)
With a pink carnation and a pickup truck
With a sense of poise and rationality.
With each weeping breath I felt fragments of you leave
With every paper I'd deliver
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nut-sack
With new taste for speed, out on the street
With no time left to start again
With riddles and the rhymes
With rock, shock rap with Doc
With the jester on the sidelines in a cast
With the same grace a balloon uses as it slips through the fingertips of a curious child
Write the janata decive
Yah - har - fiddle-dee-dee, being a pirate is all right to be!
Yar - har - fiddle-dee-dee,
Yar - har - fiddle-dee-dee, being a pirate is all right to be!
, no one said that I aim to please
Yesterday was Thursday
You are a pirate!
You are a pirate!
You both kicked off your shoes
You can drive all night
You don't have to feel like a wasted space
You don't really  get into a pissing match with this rappidy rap
You fags think it's all a game 'til I walk a flock of flames
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
You get too big and here they come trying to,
You gotta use your head (my body won't work for nobody but me, son)
You have to chase a superhero on the run
You in those little high-waisted shorts, oh
You just gotta ignite the light and let it shine
You know what it is
You made me believe you were more than just a light in a colourless element
You're  leave 'em all in awe
You're like normal, fuck being normal
You're original, cannot be replaced
You're pointless as Rapunzel with fucking cornrows
You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
Your nerves gather with the altitude
Your poems began to lift away from my hollow skin
You sigh, look away
You  find peace of mind
You were just what the doctor ordered
You were only seventeen
You witnessing a massacre
